Hello everyone.

This is astro_angelfish. There is no need to know which the fish is, because when you see this text, she's already dead.

According to my poor performance in HashRun and OrangeMC, I'm completely failed and unwilling to live. And this also caused many loss of these organizations. Now there is no hope that can allow me to keep alive. So I decided to do this, which is a complete relief to everyone hurt by me.
Now no more contributions will be made at this account. I don't think coding more will make anything better. Anyway I'm already infected by COVID-19, so there is always an easy way to escape.

After founding everything is unchangable, including me. I think I'm not fitted in this society. According to the the theory of Darwin, I'm one of the people to be expelled. That's the basic rule of the world.
I'm just a typical person in this world. Nobody would memorize me and I'm just a stardust.

This is just a selfish and personal decision. You may feel free to discuss about this, but nothing can be done now, as long as you don't attack each other.
My club members, my family members, my classmates and my teachers have no fault on this. They just don't know how to deal with people who are suffering fron depression and losing hope. So be kind to them, they have already suffered a lot. And I wish that there will be somebody can take care of them.

Most of my account migrations have been done. So I have nothing right now. At least they won't be the waste for now.

Thank everyone helped me. But it is always a pity that I'm always hopeless. I've on this way since the infection of COVID-19. There is no way back now.
Thank you for reading this letter patiently.

This is the final goodbye. And we may not meet again.

I'm still looking for a painless way to leave while I'm still writing this. But now you don't have to tell me what the way is. That's because when you are reading this everything are already found and done.

Sincerely,
astro_angelfish

End of Letter. Result: Failed to socialize.

